okay so Walter and then saltines in it
supposedly you can't eat tensile teens
in a minute but Walter is going to prove
that you can be ready if you have to
count them for us to make sure there's
10 okay one two three four five six
seven eight nine okay go ahead you ready
you ready to show off it hugged me he
preach yes he do it today just lazy for
a second oh he's not he's going to do it
eat yes eat the food oh boy Walker eat
eat come boy boy tipple eat him where's
the cheese 45 seconds he's got 15
seconds left go do it he's done
oh wait he's gotta love it in the mouth
though oh well that's pretty specific
jolly mouth they're probably happen
Nicki do I look pretty much gone Walter
you did it buddy Freddie okay how are
you gonna close out our refer so you
have a champion